Software 0.31.0 release notes (#1554)
astronomer/docs: software/upgrade-astronomer.md

    ```
3. Upgrade Kubernetes to version 1.22.

### Upgrade to Astronomer Software 0.31

#### New default resource limits and requests 

Astronomer Software 0.31 includes new default resource limits and requests on the following resources: 

- Alertmanager
- Elasticsearch
- NATS
- PostrgeSQL
- STAN
- Nginx
- Grafana
- Blackbox exporter

> You might experience OOMKill errors or unexpected behavior after upgrading if you use resources beyond the new default limits. To minimize disruption, view resource usage for these components in [Grafana](grafana-metrics.md) prior to upgrade and compare this usage to the default resource limits in the [Astronomer Helm chart](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer/blob/master/charts/astronomer/values.yaml). 

Reviewer: Because this is about release 0.31.0 we should limit the links to not point at master, but instead point at either v0.31.0 (a tag that will be created upon release) or the release-0.31 branch itself, which will always be up to date with whatever 0.31 is using.

```suggestion
You might experience OOMKill errors or unexpected behavior after upgrading if you use resources beyond the new default limits. To minimize disruption, view resource usage for these components in [Grafana](grafana-metrics.md) prior to upgrade and compare this usage to the default resource limits in the [Astronomer Helm chart](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer/blob/v0.31.0/charts/astronomer/values.yaml).
```
